Squinnie
========

This is Squinnie, a security oriented system scanning utility for Linux
systems. It is a terminal program that collects relevant low level
system data from a local machine, remote host or SUSE Cloud instance.
The collected data is cached in an application specific format on disk
and can be analysed and viewed according to command line parameters.

The purpose of Squinnie is to:

-  identify possible security issues by inspecting privileges of running
   processes, opened file descriptors, files on disk etc.
-  allow to navigate through large data sets containing information
   about a running system, for identifying possible interesting
   interfaces and software parts that are worth further investigation.

Squinnie allows to look into a running system in a black box fashion.
This can be helpful for reviewing large and complex systems where a code
review is not feasible.

Squinnie can highlight certain spots of interest in its different view
modes (e.g. world readable files, unusual capability settings or
similar). This highlighting is currently done by way of terminal colors.
These are just pointers, however. Squinnie will not perform an
automatical security analysis like other tools do (e.g. Lynis). Squinnie
rather provides a large data collection and a means to navigate it that
allows a security expert to interactively dig deeper and uncover
possible security issues.

Installation
------------

The additional python module requirements for this project can be found
in the PIP requirements file ``requirements.txt``. These requirements
are only for the host system that runs Squinnie. The target systems
scanned by Squinnie don’t require any additional Python modules. For
them the only requirement is that a fairly recent Python 2 interpreter
is available.

Structure
---------

The main program is ``bin/squinnie``. It’s concerned with two different
groups of command line arguments for scanning and viewing. Scanning is
the process of collecting data from one or more hosts. Viewing is the
process of extracting relevant bits of data from an existing data
collection and displaying them in a human readable manner.

Data Collection Approach
------------------------

Squinnie collects a snapshot of data from the target host(s). Most of
this cannot be done in an atomic way i.e. there can be some
inconsistencies when e.g. processes are spawned and ended or files
appear and disappear. Thus the data collection is by design not a
perfect information approach. It can make sense to collect snapshots of
data when the target system is in different states e.g. directly after
boot, with an active graphical user session or with certain server
processes being active. This depends much on the target system’s purpose
and the desired coverage.

Security Warning
----------------

Be aware that collecting the low level system information may be a
security risk in its own right, because sensitive data will be collected
and made accessible in the context of a regular user account.

This scanner is targeted towards analysis of test systems, not for
production environments. If you do want to scan a production system then
you should make sure that the resulting dumps are stored safely to avoid
security issues. Also note that the scanning process can hurt the target
system’s performance while it is taking place, because a lot of I/O is
generated and the introspection of kernel data e.g. via /proc and /sys
is bad for caching and locking in the kernel.

At the moment only scans running as the root user are fully supported.
Basically it would also possible to scan as a non-privileged user. The
information available to the scanner will be very limited then, however.

Usage
-----

Please see the online help output produced by ``./squinnie -h``.

Squinnie scans localhost by default, collecting relevant information
that will be cached and subsequently displayed, depending on the
provided command-line arguments.

::

   # Squinnie will cache collected data here
   $ mkdir -p /tmp/my_test_scan/

   # Main view
   $ squinnie --mode ssh --entry root@host -d /tmp/my_test_scan

   # Show open file descriptors
   $ squinnie --mode ssh --entry root@host -d /tmp/my_test_scan --fd

   # Show all files on the filesystem
   $ squinnie --mode ssh --entry root@host -d /tmp/my_test_scan/ --filesystem

For scanning localhost Squinnie will invoke ``sudo`` to gain root
privileges. For scanning remote systems ``ssh`` is utilized and either
interactive authentication or public key authentication will be required
to access them, depending on the configuration of the remote SSH server.

The same data cache directory specified with ``-d`` can be used for
different hosts at the same time. Each host will be stored and looked up
in a subdirectory based on its hostname.

To avoid having to specify the same parameters again and again there
exists also an environment variable ``SQUINNIE_OPTS`` that can be used
like this:

::

   $ export SQUINNIE_OPTS="--mode ssh --entry root@host -d /tmp/my_test_scan"
   $ squinnie --filesystem

Advanced Usage
--------------

Show which processes run with which capabilities:

::

   $ squinnie -d /tmp/my_test_scan/ | grep CAP_

Show which files on the filesystem have which capabilities set (usually
e.g. \ ``/bin/ping``):

::

   $ squinnie -d /tmp/my_test_scan/ --filesystem --capabilities

SUSE OpenStack Cloud 7
----------------------

To scan many nodes of a SUSE OpenStack Cloud instance interactively,
use:

::

   $ squinnie -d /tmp/my_test_scan/ -m susecloud -e <ip-of-cloud-admin-node>

By default, all nodes are scanned, but only the results of the admin
node are shown. To show all, you can use:

::

   $ squinnie -d /tmp/my_test_scan/ -m susecloud -e <ip-of-cloud-admin-node> -a

Future Development
------------------

This software is not yet feature complete. More security sensitive
contexts can be identified, additional relevant data collected and
especially a graphical display of the collected data are on the
whishlist.

Name Change
-----------

This project was formerly known as “Hamster”, but it turned out that a
larger open-source project under that name already exists. Therefore it
was renamed to Squinnie, one of the few rodent names not yet widely used
in software projects.

Authors and Contact
-------------------

This software is mainly developed by current and former employees of
SUSE Linux:

-  Benjamin Deuter
-  Jannik Main
-  Matthias Gerstner matthias.gerstner@suse.com (current maintainer)
-  Sebastian Kaim

For questions please reach out to the current maintainer. Contributions
and bug reports should go through the Github issue tracker / pull
request interface.

For the purpose of secure communication (e.g. privately reporting a
security issue) please contact the maintainer via GPG encrypted mail:

-  matthias.gerstner@suse.com:

   -  GPG Key-ID: 0x14C405C971923553
   -  Fingerprint ``3559 3A99 9BF6 D633 F287 1370 BD61 7A00 1534 7DC0``
